document lang-team triage meeting procedure (#267)
rust-lang/rust-forge: src/lang/triage-meeting-procedure.md

# Triage meeting procedure

This page documents how to run a lang team triage meeting,
should you have the misfortune of being forced to do so.

## Attending a meeting

If you would just like to **attend** a lang-team triage meeting, all

> you have to do is join the zoom call (the URL is attached to the

Reviewer: Link it here too tho for convenience?

Author: I did not put it here because I was afraid it might change and I wanted "one source of truth"

calendar invite below).

## Scheduling

Note that the scheduling for all meetings is recorded in the [team
calendar], links to which can be found on the [rust-lang/lang-team]
repository.

[team calendar]: https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/#meeting-calendar
[rust-lang/lang-team]: https://github.com/rust-lang/lang-team/

## Pre-triage

To start, we have a pre-triage meeting which occurs before the main
meeting. This is not recorded. It is boring.

To execute this meeting you:

* Open the [Current Meeting] dropbox paper document
* Skim down the action items and look to see if there are any you know have been handled
    * they can be checked off and removed
* Skip down to the Triage section
* For each Triage section, click on the link and populate it with what you find
    * typically it is best to copy-and-paste the title of the issue, so that links remain intact
* For each item, click in and try to add a few notes as to the main topic
    * look for things where there isn't much discussion needed, or just reminders

>     * these can be handled quickly in the meeting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * these can be handled quickly in the meeting, or perhaps not at all
```

    * items that require more discussion will need time alotted for them

[Current Meeting]: https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/T-Lang-Meeting-Current-meeting--AmyXFNnryXTNzBsSWjbdJcVSAg-nRfrSxCbfeo9q7fEYogZQ

## Main meeting

* Ping the team on discord `@lang-team`

> * Begin the recording on Zoom, if you have acccess 

Reviewer: lol... maybe we should fix this to mean something other than "if you are Niko" =P

Author: yeah, I never did figure out how to address that. :) orthogonal to this PR!

    * If nobody has access to the recording, oh well, we don't do it every week
* Discuss item by item and take some notes on what was said
    * Add specific actions to the action items section above
    * If a consensus arises, make sure to create an action item to document it!
    * The goal should be that we leave some comment on every issue
    
## After meeting

* Export the meeting file to markdown

>     * you will need to cleanup "check boxes" -- I usually search and replace 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * you will need to cleanup "check boxes" -- Niko usually searches and replaces 
```
